README.md, before:

<div align="center">

  <img src="https://github.com/ponzischeme89/Sublogue/blob/master/docs/sublogue_v2.png" height="256" width="456">

  <h4>Your subtitles deserve metadata. Sublogue adds it.</h4>

</div>

Sublogue is a lightweight open-source tool for enriching SRT files. Pull metadata from OMDb, TMDB, or TVMaze and automatically append plot summaries, runtimes, directors, and cast details to the start or end of your subtitles. 

Why? Because if the cast list and IMDb/RT rating show up in the first minute, my wife asks fewer questions and we actually get to watch the movie.

## Features
- Insert plot summaries into existing .srt files without shifting timings
- Fetch metadata (plot, runtime, director, cast, IMDb/RT ratings) using OMDb, TMDb, and TVMaze — add these integrations under Settings before scanning
- Preserve original dialogue and timing with safe insertion logic
- Clean, fast web UI for scanning and batch processing built with Svelte + Python/Flask
- Three themes included: OLED, Ocean, and Dracula White

## Screenshots
<div align="center">

  <img src="https://github.com/ponzischeme89/Sublogue/blob/master/docs/screenshots/screenshot_scan.png" height="256" width="456">
  <img src="https://github.com/ponzischeme89/Sublogue/blob/master/docs/screenshots/screenshot_settings.png" height="256" width="456">

</div>

## Getting started
To get started installing Sublogue, expand on your posion below. Personally, I recommend Komodo. It's great. 
<details>
<summary>⚓ Docker Compose</summary>
Create `data/` and `media/` folders next to the compose file, then run:

```yaml
version: "3.9"
services:
  sublogue:
    image: ghcr.io/ponzischeme89/sublogue:latest
    container_name: sublogue
    restart: unless-stopped
    environment:
      - TZ=Pacific/Auckland
    volumes:
      - ./data:/config
      - ./media:/media
    ports:
      - "5000:5000"
```

Start the stack:

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

Open `http://localhost:5000`.
</details>
<details>
  <summary>🧡 Unraid</summary>

Use the included template at `unraid-sublogue.xml`.

- `/mnt/user/appdata/sublogue` -> `/config`
- `/mnt/user/appdata/sublogue/media` -> `/media`

Start the container and open `http://<UNRAID-IP>:5000`.
</details>

<details>
<summary>🦎 Komodo</summary>

Create a new stack and paste a Komodo template like this:

```yaml
version: "3.9"
services:
  sublogue:
    image: ghcr.io/ponzischeme89/sublogue:latest
    container_name: sublogue

    ports:
      - "5000:5000"

    environment:
      - TZ=Etc/UTC
      - PUID=1000
      - PGID=1000

    volumes:
      - /volume1/Docker/sublogue/data:/config
      - /volume1/Media:/media

    restart: unless-stopped

    networks:
      - npm_network

networks:
  npm_network:
    external: true
```
</details>

## Roadmap
- [x] Add support for TVMaze  
- [ ] Add support for more themes  
- [ ] Bring in posters into results list so it's easier to identify movies / TV shows

## Support
- Help spread the word about Sublogue by telling your friends about this repo
- Give the repo a star (This really helps)
- Check out my other project, which is an open source renamer tool (with a very poor naming choice, but i'll likely change this in future)

Commit message:

1.0.6 - Multi language support (TMDb), Per folder rule settings

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

  <img src="https://github.com/ponzischeme89/Sublogue/blob/master/docs/sublogue_v2.png" height="256" width="456">

  <h4>Your subtitles deserve metadata. Sublogue adds it.</h4>

</div>

Sublogue is a lightweight open-source tool for enriching SRT files. Pull metadata from OMDb, TMDB, or TVMaze and automatically append plot summaries, runtimes, directors, and cast details to the start or end of your subtitles. 

Why? Because if the cast list and IMDb/RT rating show up in the first minute, my wife asks fewer questions and we actually get to watch the movie.

## Features
- Insert plot summaries into existing .srt files without shifting timings
- Fetch metadata (plot, runtime, director, cast, IMDb/RT ratings) using OMDb, TMDb, and TVMaze — add these integrations under Settings before scanning
- Preserve original dialogue and timing with safe insertion logic
- Folder Rules to have seperate logic for different folders (for example TV shows could have runtime but not actors, etc)
- Clean, fast web UI for scanning and batch processing built with Svelte + Python/Flask
- Three themes included: OLED, Ocean, and Dracula White

## Screenshots
<div align="center">

  <img src="https://github.com/ponzischeme89/Sublogue/blob/master/docs/screenshots/screenshot_scan.png" height="256" width="456">
  <img src="https://github.com/ponzischeme89/Sublogue/blob/master/docs/screenshots/screenshot_settings.png" height="256" width="456">

</div>

## Getting started
To get started installing Sublogue, expand on your posion below. Personally, I recommend Komodo. It's great. 
<details>
<summary>⚓ Docker Compose</summary>
Create `data/` and `media/` folders next to the compose file, then run:

```yaml
version: "3.9"
services:
  sublogue:
    image: ghcr.io/ponzischeme89/sublogue:latest
    container_name: sublogue
    restart: unless-stopped
    environment:
      - TZ=Pacific/Auckland
    volumes:
      - ./data:/config
      - ./media:/media
    ports:
      - "5000:5000"
```

Start the stack:

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

Open `http://localhost:5000`.
</details>
<details>
  <summary>🧡 Unraid</summary>

Use the included template at `unraid-sublogue.xml`.

- `/mnt/user/appdata/sublogue` -> `/config`
- `/mnt/user/appdata/sublogue/media` -> `/media`

Start the container and open `http://<UNRAID-IP>:5000`.
</details>

<details>
<summary>🦎 Komodo</summary>

Create a new stack and paste a Komodo template like this:

```yaml
version: "3.9"
services:
  sublogue:
    image: ghcr.io/ponzischeme89/sublogue:latest
    container_name: sublogue

    ports:
      - "5000:5000"

    environment:
      - TZ=Etc/UTC
      - PUID=1000
      - PGID=1000

    volumes:
      - /volume1/Docker/sublogue/data:/config
      - /volume1/Media:/media

    restart: unless-stopped

    networks:
      - npm_network

networks:
  npm_network:
    external: true
```
</details>

## Roadmap
- [x] Add support for TVMaze  
- [ ] Add support for more themes  
- [ ] Bring in posters into results list so it's easier to identify movies / TV shows

## Support
- Help spread the word about Sublogue by telling your friends about this repo
- Give the repo a star (This really helps)
- Check out my other project, which is an open source renamer tool (with a very poor naming choice, but i'll likely change this in future)
